# Architectural Review Synthesis #

## Feedback: Based upon your notes from the technical review, synthesize the feedback you received addressing your key questions. How do you plan to incorporate it going forward? What new questions did you generate? ##
A big discussion point in our feedback was the fact that we wanted to randomize everything in the game we are creating. The audience members voiced their concerns about the learning curve this would entail as well as the fact that it would cater to an audience who had played many games that would fall in this type before. Possible solutions to this were voiced, including having a set of rules that were consistent between games or a list of rules at the start of the game. There was also the point raised that the randomness may end up detracting from the game if we aren’t careful.
The other big point discussed was a user interface and what we wanted to do with it. One possible solution discussed about images on cards was to have a base library for nouns (for “dudes”) and a base library of verbs (for “dos”) to edit based on words that were introduced to describe what was happening (ex: tint everything having to do with “fire” red). In terms of the UI itself, it was decided that we will need to focus on one userbase (either experienced card players or new players) and customize the interface to that group first. It will only be if we have enough time that we build a UI that could accommodate both groups.
Some stretch goals that were discussed include having semantically related words close together and the UI could be browser based, but for now these will not be implemented.


## Going Forward: (What are we doing going forward; synthesize the feedback/decisions) ##
Going forward, we are going to try our best to be a little more user-friendly through printing the rules (once randomized) as well as having a “base” game which has a standard set of rules within which cards are randomized. If we have time, we will expand this and have such things as an “Arena” mode where you can draft your cards after knowing the rules (to help eliminate very bad cards from your deck). We will be careful when randomizing the rules and will certainly start out by printing them; we may eventually have a mode that randomly generates rules that doesn’t tell players but for now we want a user friendly game, although we will still be appealing to experienced card players more. 
Review process reflection How did the review go? Did you get answers to your key questions? Did you provide too much/too little context for your audience? Did you stick closely to your planned agenda, or did you discover new things during the discussion that made you change your plans? What could you do next time to have an even more effective technical review?	
Our review went well. Some of our concerns, such as the appeal of random rules, were addressed by audience feedback; in this case, the audience was concerned that too chaotic rules may make the game less fun. We may have provided a bit too much context on our project, but it was probably warranted because the majority of our audience had not been exposed to Magic or Hearthstone before. Our agenda was somewhat loose and flexible, which was useful in our case because the majority of our design review was focused on feedback on project direction as a whole. Next time, we could probably have a briefer introduction and a longer open-ended question section to our review.
